Test 1

hidden_size      = 128  # Number of neurons in hidden layer

learning_rate    = 0.001 # Learning rate of the model
training_steps   = 2000  # Number of batches during training
batch_size       = 128    # Number of songs per batch
time_steps        = 50    
# Length of song snippet -- this is what is fed into the model

Step 1400, Minibatch Loss= 1.5573, Training Accuracy= 0.433
Saved generated song! seed ind: 7


Test 2

hidden_size      = 256  # Number of neurons in hidden layer

learning_rate    = 0.00146 # Learning rate of the model
training_steps   = 2000  # Number of batches during training
batch_size       = 128    # Number of songs per batch
time_steps        = 30    
# Length of song snippet -- this is what is fed into the model


Step 1900, Minibatch Loss= 0.8873, Training Accuracy= 0.633
Saved generated song! seed ind: 4

Test 3

hidden_size      = 170  # Number of neurons in hidden layer

learning_rate    = 0.00146 # Learning rate of the model
training_steps   = 2000  # Number of batches during training
batch_size       = 128    # Number of songs per batch
time_steps        = 40    
# Length of song snippet -- this is what is fed into the model


Step 1900, Minibatch Loss= 1.0077, Training Accuracy= 0.508
Saved generated song! seed ind: 11

Test 4

hidden_size      = 200                         # Number of neurons in hidden layer

learning_rate    = 0.00146 # Learning rate of the model
training_steps   = 2000  # Number of batches during training
batch_size       = 128    # Number of songs per batch
time_steps        = 70    # Length of song snippet -- this is what is fed into the model

Step 1900, Minibatch Loss= 1.0206, Training Accuracy= 0.586
Saved generated song! seed ind: 8


Test 5

hidden_size      = 312                         # Number of neurons in hidden layer

learning_rate    = 0.00146 # Learning rate of the model
training_steps   = 2000  # Number of batches during training
batch_size       = 128    # Number of songs per batch
time_steps        = 60    # Length of song snippet -- this is what is fed into the model

Step 1900, Minibatch Loss= 1.1076, Training Accuracy= 0.516
Saved generated song! seed ind: 5

Test 6

hidden_size      = 256                        # Number of neurons in hidden layer

learning_rate    = 0.00146 # Learning rate of the model
training_steps   = 1500  # Number of batches during training
batch_size       = 128    # Number of songs per batch
time_steps        = 65    # Length of song snippet -- this is what is fed into the model

Step 1400, Minibatch Loss= 1.2040, Training Accuracy= 0.484
Saved generated song! seed ind: 7


Test 7
hidden_size      = 200                        # Number of neurons in hidden layer

learning_rate    = 0.00146 # Learning rate of the model
training_steps   = 2000  # Number of batches during training
batch_size       = 128    # Number of songs per batch
time_steps        = 30    # Length of song snippet -- this is what is fed into the model

Step 1900, Minibatch Loss= 0.6652, Training Accuracy= 0.625
Saved generated song! seed ind: 9

test 8
hidden_size      = 240                      # Number of neurons in hidden layer

learning_rate    = 0.00146 # Learning rate of the model
training_steps   = 2000 # Number of batches during training
batch_size       =     128 # Number of songs per batch
time_steps        = 30    # Length of song snippet -- this is what is fed into the model

Step 1900, Minibatch Loss= 0.8932, Training Accuracy= 0.750
Saved generated song! seed ind: 19

Test 9

hidden_size      = 230                     # Number of neurons in hidden layer

learning_rate    = 0.00146 # Learning rate of the model
training_steps   = 2500 # Number of batches during training
batch_size       =     128 # Number of songs per batch
time_steps        = 30    # Length of song snippet -- this is what is fed into the model

Step 2400, Minibatch Loss= 0.7451, Training Accuracy= 0.773
Saved generated song! seed ind: 5
